Update for new veto_files option (#10852)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_addons/samba.markdown

  required: false
  default: '`["10.0.0.0/8", "172.16.0.0/12", "192.168.0.0/16"]`'
  type: list
veto_files:

>   description: List of files that are neither visible nor accessible. Useful to stop clients from littering the share with temporary hidden files (ex: macOS .DS_Store, Windows Thumbs.db)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: List of files that are neither visible nor accessible. Useful to stop clients from littering the share with temporary hidden files (i.e., macOS .DS_Store, Windows Thumbs.db)
```

Author: ex: or e.g. is grammatically correct here. i.e. should not be used.

Reviewer: Then change it to `e.g.` 😉

Author: Changed to e.g. per request
